Hello, my name is Daniel Ishkhanov, I’m currently a 21 year old student in the Yearup program at Seattle Central College completing the Systems Development & Technology path.
I have a vision for the future to build my own brand and community that helps people grow as an individual and as well as share each other’s knowledge.
My leadership mentality has helped me get to where I currently am and has been able to always look ahead for the benefit of myself and the others around me.
I am ready to apply all my skills to any opportunity that gets presented to me in the near future.

I am am a full-time student, I am motivated by competitiveness and hunger for growth. I also am currently completing my Assicoates General Degree this year with the college credits attained from YearUp. I have no intention to go to a four-year but you will never know what the future holds.
I am striving to build a foundation on my journey into the professional world into which I can hurdle any obstacle that comes my way as well.
Buiiding a community is a huge step for me because I truly believe in order to make an impact on today's world you have to start small and expand out.
I also am currently completing my Assicoates General Degree this year with the college credits attained from YearUp. 
I have no intention to go to a four-year but you will never know what the future holds.

Aside from my goals and ambitions, I love to workout, play basketball, eat food, and watch anime. 
I have been playing basketball for about 15 years now, but stopped shortly after high school and decided to give up on my dreams and pursue my professional path. 
It was tough to put down the love I had for basketball and the competitiveness because growing up it helped me through so many tough times. 
Working out is a huge one, helps balance my school and my social life, gives me a boost in my enivornmental stage. 
Anime is a great boost for me, I love the stories, plot, character development and just how perfectly they get animated sometimes. 
Lastly, eating food is a must, who doesn't love food? 
